oh my god this is the best cobbler I've
ever had
it was always Sheldon's favorite you
know what the secret ingredient is love
Lord hey look who's coming you'll spook
him it's like a baby deer you gotta let
him come to you this is ridiculous
damn it Sheldon snap out of it you're a
physicist you belong in the university
doing research not hiding in your room
you don't hunt do you good morning
snickerdoodle morning oh well that looks
awful fancy what is that it's my idea of
what DNA would look like in a
silicon-based life-form
but intelligently designed by a creator
right what do you want mom you know how
your daddy used to say that you can only
fish for so long before you gotta throw
a stick of dynamite in the water
yeah well I'm done fishing
you put those on what for because you're
gonna go down to your office you're
gonna apologize to your boss and get
your child back no I'm sorry did I start
that sentence with the words if it
please your highness I'm not going to
apologize I didn't say anything that
wasn't true now you listen here I have
been telling you since you were four
years old it's okay to be smarter than
everybody but you can't go around
pointing it out why not because people
don't like it remember all the ass
kickings you got from the neighbor kids
now let's get crackin shower shirt shoes
let's shove off would have been the
ass-kicking is if that stupid death
rated worked